Secihurd_Model - ReproductionNbSim

Coded for a seminar on Mathematical Modelling of Infectious Diseases.
Based on the paper https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.04.04.20053637v1.full.pdf

So far the program only works on windows, due to file handling

What does it do ?
model.exe simulates the SECIHURD model given the parameters: 
1. region (int from 1 to 20), 
2. R1 (double \in [0,infinity]), 
3. R3 (\in [0,infinity)), 
4. R4 (\in [0,infinity)), 
5. R5 (\in [0,infinity)),
6. R6 (\in [0,infinity)),
7. R7 (\in [0,infinity)),
8. R8 (\in [0,infinity)),
9. alpha (\in [0,1]),
10. beta (\in [0,1]),
11. rho  (\in [0,1]),
12. theta (\in [0,1]),
13. delta (\in [0,1])
14. d (\in [0, infinity))
15. Initial number of Exposed (\in [0, infinity))
16. Initial number of Carriers (\in [0, infinity))
17. Total population (\in [0, \infty))

from the command line.
Using data of Initial Hospitalized, ICU patients and dead from the respective Italian region. Meaning of parameters is explained in the paper above.

The model.exe can be generated by
1. Building the project by building all libraries in the libs folder with cmake (run cmake -S .. -B . in f.ex. the RungeKuttaLib/build folder, etc.)
2. Building the generated sln files with the VS-Community Local Debugger
3. create a build folder in the ReproductionNbSim directory
4. Build model using cmake (in ReproductionNbSIm/build run cmake -S .. -B .)
5. Build the sln file
6. Sometimes need to paste the .dll files from the libraries into ReproductionNbSim/build and Debug folder
7. Done ! Run the model.exe generated by VSCODE from the cmd line (using above parameters as arguments)

Output:
Outputs the population data of the compartments: 
Susceptible, Exposed, Carrier, Infected, Hospitalized, ICU patients, Recovered,Recovered after Symptomatic, Dead
in that order. Each with 104 timepoints.
Simulates 27 days in realtime.

Once the model.exe is generated, one can use the fitting functionality:
in fitting.py, the model is successively fit to each region. Results are output in Secihurd_Model/data/results.
Results include for each region: fit quality (the lower the better the fit), plots of fitted compartments and the best parameter values.

Secihurd_Model/src/python/fitting.py is ready to run after model.exe has been generated.

